lexrank.summarize("to answer you question, yes you may pass JSON in the URI as part of a get request -lrb- provide you url-encode -rrb-. however, consider you reason for do this be due to the length of the URI, use JSON will be self-defeating -lrb- introduce more character than require -rrb-. I suggest you send you parameter in body of a post request, either in regular cgi style -lrb- cw -rrb- or json -lrb- parse by you api upon receipt -rrb- in theory, there be nothing prevent you from send a request body in a CW request. the http protocol allow it, but have no define semantics, so it be up to you to document what exactly be go to happen when a client send a CW payload. for instance, you have to define if parameter in a JSON body be equivalent to querystr parameter or something else entirely. however, since there be no clearly define semantics, you have no guarantee that implementation between you application and the client will respect it. a server or proxy might reject the whole request, or ignore the body, or anything else. the REST way to deal with broken implementation be to circumvent it in a way that be decouple from you application, so I would say you have two option that can be consider best practice. the simple option be to use CW instead of CW as recommend by other answer. since CW be not standardized by HTTP, you will have to document how exactly that be suppose to work. this be the least restful option, but it be fine. the restful option, which I prefer, be to implement you application assume the CW payload be never tamper with. then, in case something have a broken implementation, you allow client to override the http method with the CW, which be a popular convention for client to emulate http method with cw. so, if a client have a broken implementation, it can write the CW request as a CW, send the cw method, and you can have a middleware that be decouple from you application implementation and rewrite the method accordingly. this be the best option if you be a purist.", 1, function (err, toplines, text) { console.log(toplines); });

[ { weight: 0.3068934673308368,
    text: 'so, if a client have a broken implementation, it can write the CW request as a CW, send the cw method, and you can have a middleware that be decouple from you application implementation and rewrite the method accordingly.',
    index: 13 } ]