lexrank.summarize("long-story-short: nope. there be no way to store cw by value in container or cw. qt forbid the copy of qobject and all inherit class. the mandatory the CW macro will disable any copy constructor also in newly define class. the copy constructor that you be define in the CW class be miss the base class constructor call. if CW have a copy constructor it would be something like this: probably, the compiler be give you a warning, but allow you to have such a constructor, even if it will result in undefined behavior or slice a instance of CW every time it be pass by value. furthermore, the link state the following: the value store in the various container can be of any assignable datum type. to qualify, a type must provide a default constructor, a copy constructor, and a assignment operator. this cover most datum type you be likely to want to store in a container, include basic type such as int and double, pointer type, and Qt datum type such as qstring, qdate, and QTime, but it do not cover qobject or any qobject subclass -lrb- QWidget, QDialog, QTimer, etc. -rrb-. so you can not store CW and derive class inside a qt container unless you store they as pointer, as copy of qobject be disable by design. furthermore, if you want to exploit polymorphic behavior you must use pointer, even if there be no explicit need to cast to derive class in you code, as far as I can see. if you really need to resort to cast in some place, you could consider make you ToJson a template function. there be a solution, but use caution as it be only reasonable/applicable in the follow scenario: if you code use the class as a CW for any reason other than to get meta information, you be almost certainly use it incorrectly if you be try to store it by value -lrb- as explain by G. Giordano in they answer -rrb-. misuse consideration aside, in order to json-ify a cw that store a cw subclass by value, you can use the cw method and pass it the user type id and cw. example:", 1, function (err, toplines, text) { console.log(toplines); }); 

[ { weight: 0.30534801804603806,
    text: 'misuse consideration aside, in order to json-ify a cw that store a cw subclass by value, you can use the cw method and pass it the user type id and cw.',
    index: 15 } ]