if you be just take the prop and potentially output it , you could keep it simple and just name what you need in a variable . 

this will allow you to have a null value which can be inject into JSX if need be -lrb- will not produce anything -rrb- , then check if the prop be there , and then replace the null value with you jsx . 

also , yes , go with the standard componentdidmount -lrb- -rrb- -lcb- -rcb- function syntax and typeof would have be unnecessary . 

as Luke note in the comment , 

the logic for whether or not to render should live in CW 

mechanic of this have since be cover by other answer here , so I will not go through it all . 

a few other point : 

you be try to use a arrow function to define the standard react function CW , and base on a quick local test , I do not think React can understand that . it do not look like you be get any particular benefit from it over the traditional cw syntax , so I would switch to the latter . 

you be try to check on whether you json contain the key with 

but I do not see a need for the CW ; you can just check for the presence of the key directly : 

finally , in you HTML , the line 

be attempt to set the value of cw with a value from JavaScript -lrb- the stuff in the curly brace -rrb- . that be valid for link , which make sense since you be use React , but not in pure HTML . but since the page be load and just not handle a certain part of the logic correctly , I be assume you just mean the html-like stuff inside you jsx -lrb- a cw file -rrb- and not literally a HTML file . 

try this 

the code you post do not really make any sense . you should read up on react and how it work . you would not ever need to dom-select-by-id a HTML element be render by a react component from within that react component . instead , you simply have the react component 's render function check you conditional and then render the HTML accordingly . 

except that actually here , you do not even to do that , because if you be use map the way that I think you be -lrb- you do not post you datum so it be hard to tell -rrb- , then you can just generate a HTML element for each item in the array . so if it be not in the array , it will not map -lrb- -rrb- . 

I would remove object without the key before any of they corresponding component have be create . something like : 

